Technical review: Document Request.isReloadNavigation (#44504)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/request/isreloadnavigation/index.md

---
title: "Request: isReloadNavigation property"
short-title: isReloadNavigation
slug: Web/API/Request/isReloadNavigation
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.Request.isReloadNavigation
---

{{APIRef("Fetch API")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

The **`isReloadNavigation`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Request")}} interface is a boolean indicating whether the request is a user-triggered reload.

> A user-triggered reload is made via a programmatic reload (for example, by calling {{domxref("Location.reload()")}}, {{domxref("History.go()", "History.go(0)")}}, or {{domxref("Navigation.reload()")}}), or via a browser control such as pressing <kbd>Cmd</kbd>/<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> or clicking the browser's reload button.

Reviewer: There is nothing wrong with this, but I have a preference for the browser chrome option first. For you to consider.

```suggestion
A user-triggered reload can be triggered via a browser control, such as pressing <kbd>Cmd</kbd>/<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> or clicking the browser's reload button, or programmaically (for example, by calling {{domxref("Location.reload()")}}, {{domxref("History.go()", "History.go(0)")}}, or {{domxref("Navigation.reload()")}}).
```

> This property is primarily used within service worker {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.fetch_event", "fetch")}} event handlers to respond appropriately to reload requests versus non-reload requests.

Reviewer: So you say "appropriately" here and below in the example. I think in this case we should add a "for example".
Something like

```suggestion
This property is primarily used within service worker {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.fetch_event", "fetch")}} event handlers to respond appropriately to reload requests versus non-reload requests.
For example, a reload request indicates that the user expects current data, so it should prefer content from the server over that from a cache.
```

## Value

A boolean value.

## Examples

### Basic usage

The following example can be used inside a service worker script to check for reloads and respond appropriately.

> Inside a {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/fetch_event", "fetch")}} event handler, we check whether the event's {{domxref("Request.mode")}} is `navigate`, and if so, whether `isReloadNavigation` is `true`. If so, we've definitely got a reload navigation, so we fetch the page from the network to provide an updated version. If that fails, we try retrieving the page from the {{domxref("Cache")}} as a fallback.

Reviewer: This feels a little clunky to me - too many "if so" (the first one is technically correct, but that's a fact of how conditions are evaluated, not something useful for the example). How about

```suggestion
Inside a {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/fetch_event", "fetch")}} event handler, we first check whether the event's {{domxref("Request.mode")}} is `navigate` and `isReloadNavigation` properties are `true`. If so, this is a reload navigation; we therefore fetch the page from the network to provide an updated version. If that fails, we try retrieving the page from the {{domxref("Cache")}} as a fallback.
```
